abduct deliver
abduct rescue
abduct return
abhor cherish
abhor embrace
abhor love
above below
absence enough
absence existence
absence plenty
absence presence
absent present
abstinence excess
abstinence overconsumption
abstinence satiation
abundance absence
abundant lacking
abundant meager
abundant scarce
abundant sparse
accept decline
accept deny
accept fail
accept refuse
accept reject
accidental intentional
accomplish fail
accurate faulty
accurate inaccurate
accurate indefinite
accurate unreliable
action inaction
active inactive
actual false
adequate inadequate
admit deny
admit expel
admit oust
admit repudiate
advance behind
advance later
advance retire
advance retreat
advantage disadvantage
advantage harm
advantage impotence
advantage inferiority
adversity luck
adversity prosperity
adversity success
after before
aft fore
against for
agitate encourage
agony euphoria
agony happiness
agony joy
agree disagree
agree object
agree reject
agree resist
aid hinder
ajar closed
alike different
alive dead
alive deceased
alive sluggish
alive unconscious
all none
all nothing
allow hinder
allure repel
ally antagonist
ally detractor
ally enemy
ally foe
always never
ambiguous clear
amuse bore
amuse tire
amuse weary
ancient current
ancient fresh
ancient modern
ancient new
answer query
answer question
answer quiet
answer trouble
antagonist ally
antique modern
antonym synonym
anxious calm
anything nothing
apart together
appear away
appear disappear
appear evaporate
appear fade
appear vanish
apprehensive calm
apprehensive confident
apprehensive relaxed
approached departed
approached leave
approached receded
approached retreat
appropriate inadequate
approval blame
approval denial
approval disapproval
approval refusal
approval veto
approve disapprove
around within
arrive depart
artificial genuine
artificial natural
artificial real
artificial unaffected
artless deep
ascend decline
ascend descend
ascend drop
ascend fail
ascend slump
asleep attentive
asleep awake
asleep conscious
assistance hinder
assist hinder
assisting harmful
attack defense
attack flight
attack shelter
attack shield
attain fail
attendance absence
attended absent
attention disregard
attention inattention
attention lethargy
attention neglect
attentive asleep
attic cellar
attractive repulsive
attract repel
audacious cautious
audacious fearful
audacious meek
audacious shy
audacious timid
authentic fake
authorize deny
auxiliary first
available absent
awake asleep
away appear
backward forward
bad good
bath dry
beautiful drab
beautiful gruesome
beautiful offensive
beautiful repulsive
beautiful ugly
before after
begin disappear
begin end
beginning end
beginning ending
beginning epilogue
beginning finale
beginning finish
behind advance
below above
below lofty
bend straight
beneath lofty
benefit sorrow
bent straight
best worst
better worse
better worst
biased correct
biased generous
big little
big small
big tiny
binary sourcecode
binding voluntary
bitter bland
bitter mild
bitter pleasant
bitter sweet
black white
blah sour
blame approval
blame peace
blame praise
blame ratification
bland bitter
bland luscious
bland sour
bless curse
blessing curse
blunt cunning
blunt polite
blunt sharp
blunt subtle
boarding exit
bold meek
bold panicked
bold timid
bore amuse
boring interesting
borrow forfeit
borrow lend
borrow return
bottom end
bottom top
bound free
boundless limited
bound unbound
boy girl
brave cowardly
brave humble
bravery cowardice
bravery fear
bravery timidity
breakfast dinner
bright dim
bright dismal
bright dull
brighten fade
broad little
broad narrow
broad quiet
broad tiny
build destroy
busy calm
busy free
busy inactive
busy relaxed
cable wireless
calm apprehensive
calm busy
calm furious
calm harsh
calm panicked
calm sour
calm troubled
calm windy
calm worried
can cannot
can can't
cannot can
can't can
cant can
capable clumsy
capable ignorant
capable incapable
capable stupid
captive free
captivity freedom
captivity liberation
captivity liberty
careful careless
careful inexact
careful rush
careful unwise
careless careful
careless deliberate
caring lazy
cautious audacious
cavity covered
cease endure
cease imprison
ceasing frequent
cellar attic
chance adversity
cheap dear
cheap expensive
cheap worthy
cheer despair
cheerful discouraged
cheerful dismal
cheerful dreary
cheerful gloomy
cheerful sad
cheer sorrow
cherish abhor
chief inferior
claim grant
clean dirty
clear cloudy
clear dark
clear opaque
clever clueless
clever foolish
clever ignorant
clever na√Øve
clever stupid
client server
closed ajar
close distant
closed open
close far
cloudy clear
cloudy sunny
clueless clever
clumsy capable
clumsy dainty
clumsy graceful
coagulate disappear
coarse dainty
cold hot
collect scatter
colored grey
combine scatter
combine separate
come go
comfort discomfort
comfort gloom
comfort injury
comfort torment
commonly rare
common rare
companion enemy
compassionate cruel
complex simple
complicate facilitate
comprehend misunderstand
compression decompression
compulsory voluntary
conceal divulge
conceal expose
conceal ignore
conceal reveal
conceal show
conceal unwrap
conclusion entrance
confidence despair
confident apprehensive
confirm deny
conflict peace
confusion knowledge
conscious asleep
consent deny
consent forbid
consent reject
construct destroy
construe misunderstand
contaminated pure
continuous intermittent
contract expand
cool warm
correct biased
correct improper
correct incorrect
correct invalid
correct wrong
corresponding opposite
corrupt honest
corruption justice
corrupt pure
counterfeit honest
courage cowardice
courage humility
courage irresolution
courage timidity
courteous discourteous
courteous rude
courteous uncivil
courteous unrefined
covered naked
covered revealed
covered uncover
cover expose
coward hero
cowardice bravery
cowardice courage
cowardly brave
create destroy
creation end
crime justice
crooked straight
cruel compassionate
cruel gentle
cruel kind
cruel mild
crush build
cry laugh
cunning blunt
cunning ignorant
cunning rough
cunning simple
cure ill
current ancient
curse bless
daily night
dainty clumsy
dainty coarse
dainty inferior
dainty ugly
dangerous safe
dark clear
dark distinct
dark evident
dark happy
dark light
dark vivacious
dawdle hasten
dawn decrease
day night
daytime nighttime
dead alive
dear cheap
death life
deceased alive
deceitful honest
deceive honest
deceptive serious
decline accept
decline ascend
decline increase
decrease dawn
decrease discourage
decrease dusk
decrease encourage
decrease enlargement
decrease expansion
decrease growth
decrease increase
deep artless
deep flighty
deep shallow
deep trivial
defeat victory
defend attack
defense attack
definite indefinite
delayed rapid
deliberate careless
deliberate hasty
deliberate impulsive
delicacy ruggedness
deliver abduct
demand grant
demand offer
demand provide
demand reply
demand supply
denial approval
deny accept
deny admit
deny consent
depart arrive
departed approached
descend ascend
desktop laptop
despair cheer
despair faith
despair hope
despair pleasure
destroy build
destroy create
detest enjoy
detractor ally
die endure
different alike
different same
different similar
difficult easy
digital analog
dim bright
diminish expand
dirty pure
disadvantage advantage
disagree agree
disappear appear
disappear begin
disappear coagulate
disappear solidify
disapproval approval
disapprove approve
discomfort comfort
discouraged cheerful
discourage decrease
discourage encourage
discourteous courteous
diseased healthy
disgust hunger
dishonest honest
dishonest serious
dislike enjoy
dislike like
disloyal loyal
dismal bright
dismal cheerful
dismal intelligent
dismal luminous
disobedient obedient
dispirit encourage
disregard attention
dissuade hasten
distant close
distant near
distaste hunger
distinct dark
divergent horizontal
divulge conceal
down right
downstairs upstairs
down up
down upside
downwards upwards
downward upwards
drab beautiful
dreary cheerful
dried fresh
drop ascend
drunk sober
dry luscious
dry moist
dry wet
dull bright
dull interesting
dull shiny
dusk decrease
dwarf giant
early late
earnest dishonest
east west
easy difficult
easy hard
easy tough
ebb expansion
ebb flow
ebb incline
egress entrance
elastic rigid
elegance ruggedness
embrace abhor
emit receive
empty full
encourage agitate
encourage decrease
encourage discourage
encourage dispirit
encourage quell
encourage sadden
encryption decryption
end begin
end beginning
end bottom
end creation
ending beginning
end origin
end start
endure cease
endure die
endure fade.
endure perish
enemy ally
enemy friend
energetic lazy
enforce veto
enjoy detest
enjoy dislike
enjoy hate
enlargement decrease
enormous small
enough absence
enter exit
entrance conclusion
entrance egress
entrance exit
entrance leave
entry exit
epilogue beginning
equally opposite
escape enter
euphoria agony
evaporate appear
evasive frank
even odd
evident dark
evil good
evoke quell
excess abstinence
excited gentle
exclude include
exhale inhale
exist absent
existence absence
exit enter
exit entrance
expand contract
expand diminish
expand shrink
expand shrivel
expansion decrease
expansion ebb
expel admit
expensive cheap
expensive inexpensive
expensive reasonable
expensive worthless
expert feeble
export import
expose conceal
extend shrink
exterior interior
external internal
extraordinary inferior
facilitate complicate
facilitate hinder
facilitate inhibit
facts notion
fade appear
fade brighten
fade. endure
fail accept
fail ascend
failing fortunate
fail reach
fail rise
fail succeed
failure success
faith despair
fake real
falling ascend
falsehood truth
false true
fame humility
fame ignorant
fame privacy
famous inferior
famous obscure
famous typical
famous unknown
fanciful prudent
far close
far near
fast slow
fat slim
fat soap
fat thin
faulty accurate
fear bravery
fearful audacious
fearless panicked
feeble expert
feeble powerful
feeble strong
feeble sturdy
few many
finale beginning
final initial
finding losing
find lose
finish beginning
finishing beginning
finish start
first auxiliary
first last
first minor
first trivial
fitting incorrect
flasehood truth
flattery hate
flavored tasteless
flexible stiff
flight attack
flighty deep
float sink
flock scatter
flow ebb
focus inattention
foe ally
foe friend
fold unfold
follower leader
folly wisdom
foolish clever
foolish prudent
foolish realistic
foolish sane
foolish serious
foolish wise
for against
forbid consent
forced careful
fore aft
foremost inferior
forfeit borrow
forget remember
formal informal
formally informal
formation disappear
fortunate failing
fortunate harmful
fortunate lacking
fortunate losing
fortunate unfortunate
forward backward
found lost
frank evasive
frank secretive
frank shy
frank timidity
free bound
free busy
free captive
freedom captivity
freedom inability
freedom liability
freedom restraint
freedom slavery
free imprison
freeze melt
frequent ceasing
frequent irregular
frequently never
frequent rare
frequent seldom
fresh ancient
fresh lazy
fresh old
fresh processed
fresh stale
fresh well
fresh worn
friend enemy
friend foe
friend opponent
friend stranger
front back
frustrate encourage
full empty
furious calm
further hinder
gathering scatter
gather scatter
generate destroy
generous biased
generous greedy
generous mean
generous prejudiced
generous stingy
gentle cruel
gentle excited
gentle harsh
gentle rigid
gentle rough
gentle surly
genuine artificial
get give
giant dwarf
giant pygmy
giant small
giant teeny
giant tiny
gigantic small
girl boy
give get
give receive
give take
glad sad
glad sorry
glassy dark
gloom comfort
gloomy cheerful
gloomy intelligent
gloomy lively
gloomy luminous
glossy dull
go come
good bad
good evil
good wicked
go stop
graceful clumsy
grand tiny
grant demand
grant refuse
grasp misunderstand
great small
great tiny
great unimportant
greedy generous
grief joy
grieve laugh
grow shrink
growth decrease
gruesome beautiful
gruesome lovely
gruesome pleasant
guess clue
guest host
guilty innocent
halt hasten
hand foot
hand second
happiness agony
happiness misery
happy dark
happy mad
happy miserable
happy sad
hard easy
harden smoothen
hard simple
hard soft
hardware software
harm advantage
harmful assisting
harmful fortunate
harmful harmless
harmful honest
harmless harmful
harsh calm
harsh gentle
harsh mild
haste deliberate
hasten dawdle
hasten dissuade
hasten halt
hasten hinder
hastily deliberate
hasty deliberate
hate enjoy
hate flattery
hate like
hate liking
hate love
hate sympathy
have haves
haves have
haves nots
health disease
healthy diseased
healthy ill
healthy infirm
healthy sick
healthy unhealthy
heat cold
heaven hell
heavy light
hell heaven
help hinder
here there
hero coward
high low
hill valley
hinder aid
hinder allow
hinder facilitate
hinder further
hinder hasten
hinder help
homely interesting
honest corrupt
honest counterfeit
honest deceitful
honest dishonest
honest harmful
hope despair
horizontal divergent
horizontal irregular
horizontal unfair
horizontal vertical
host guest
hot cold
huge tiny
humble brave
humble intricate
humble lofty
humble proud
humble unrefined
humility courage
humility fame
hunger disgust
hunger distaste
hunger satiation
hunger thirst
hurry careful
idle strong
ignorance knowledge
ignorant capable
ignorant clever
ignorant cunning
ignorant fame
ignore conceal
illegality justice
illegal lawful
ill healthy
ill sick
illuminate dim
ill well
imaginary real
immature mature
immediately delayed
immense limited
immense minute
immense restricted
immense tiny
impatient patient
impolite polite
important trivial
import export
impossible possible
impotence advantage
impotence knowledge
imprison cease
imprison free
imprison permit
imprison release
improbable possible
improper correct
improvement decrease
imprudent initial
imprudent prudent
impulsive deliberate
impure pure
inability freedom
inaccurate accurate
inactive busy
inactive strong
inadequate satisfactory
inanity knowledge
inattention attention
incapable capable
incline ebb
include exclude
incorrect correct
increase decline
increase decrease
indefinite accurate
indefinite definite
indiscreet prudent
industrious lazy
inexact careful
inexpensive expensive
infamous famous
inferior chief
inferior dainty
inferior extraordinary
inferior famous
inferior foremost
inferiority advantage
inferior superior
infirm healthy
inhale exhale
inhibit facilitate
initial final
initial imprudent
initial lastly
initial lavish
initial ongoing
initial wasteful
injury comfort
injustice justice
inner outer
innocent guilty
in out
input output
insecure secure
inside outside
insincere serious
inspiration despair
intelligence stupidity
intelligent dismal
intelligent gloomy
intelligent stupid
intentional accidental
intentional involuntary
intentional unplanned
intentional unwilling
interesting boring
interesting dull
interesting homely
interesting repulsive
interesting uninteresting
interior exterior
interior outside
interior public
interior revealed
intermittent strong
internal external
intolerable satisfactory
intricate humble
introduction end
invalid correct
invisible visible
involuntary intentional
irregular frequent
irregular horizontal
irregular regular
irrelevant significant
irresolution courage
join junior
join senior
join separate
joint separate
joy agony
joy sorrow
junior join
justice corruption
justice illegality
justice injustice
justice penalty
just unjust
kind cruel
kind wicked
knowledge ignorance
knowledge impotence
knowledge inanity
knowledge known
knowledge notion
knowledge stupidity
knowledge unknown
known knowledge
known unknown
lack existence
lacking abundant
lacking fortunate
landlord tenant
languishing rapid
large little
large small
last first
lastly initial
late early
later advance
latter first
laugh cry
laugh grieve
laugh weep
lavish initial
lawful illegal
lawful unlawful
lazy caring
lazy energetic
lazy fresh
lazy industrious
leader follower
leave approached
leave entrance
left right
legal illegal
lend borrow
lengthen shorten
lenient stiff
lenient strict
less more
lethargy attention
liability freedom
liberation captivity
liberty captivity
lie truth
light dark
light darkness
light heavy
like dislike
like hate
likely unlikely
liking hate
limited boundless
limited immense
little big
little broad
little large
little much
little sufficient
live dead
lively gloomy
lofty below
lofty beneath
lofty humble
lofty lowly
logical stupid
long short
loose tight
lose find
lose win
losing fortunate
loss win
lost found
loud low
loud quiet
loud soft
love abhor
love hate
lovely gruesome
lower raise
low high
low loud
lowly lofty
loyal disloyal
luck adversity
luminous dismal
luminous gloomy
luscious bland
luscious dry
luscious tasteless
mad happy
mad sane
maintain scatter
majority minority
major minor
many few
mate enemy
material spiritual
mature immature
maximum minimum
meager abundant
mean generous
meaningless significant
meaning meaningless
meek audacious
meek bold
meek proud
melt freeze
merry sad
messy neat
mild bitter
mild cruel
mild harsh
minimum maximum
minor first
minority majority
minor major
minor significant
minute immense
miserable happy
miser spendthrift
misunderstand comprehend
misunderstand construe
misunderstand grasp
misunderstand understand
moderate strong
modern ancient
modest proud
moist dry
moisture dryness
monstrous small
more less
mostly some
mountain valley
much little
nadir zenith
na√Øve clever
naked covered
narrow broad
narrowly broad
narrow wide
natural artificial
near distant
near far
neat messy
neat untidy
neglect attention
never always
never frequently
never sometimes
never usually
new ancient
new old
new second
nice gruesome
night day
nighttime daytime
noisy quiet
none all
none some
normal irregular
north south
nothing all
notion facts
notion knowledge
notion reality
notion truth
nots haves
no yes
numerous few
obedient disobedient
object agree
objection agree
obligation voluntary
obscure famous
observing ignorant
obvious obscure
occupied vacant
odd even
offensive beautiful
offer demand
offer refuse
off on
often never
old fresh
old new
old young
ongoing initial
online offline
on off
opaque clear
opaque transparent
open closed
open shut
opponent friend
oppose agree
opposite same
opposite similar
optimist pessimist
order chaos
organic artificial
origin end
oust admit
outer inner
out in
outside inside
outside interior
outside within
overconsumption abstinence
over under
painful pleasant
panicked bold
panicked calm
panicked fearless
partially full
partition join
partner enemy
pass enter
past present
patient impatient
peace blame
peace war
penalty justice
perish endure
permanent temporary
permit imprison
pessimist optimist
plausible impossible
pleasant bitter
pleasant gruesome
pleasure despair
plentiful scarce
plenty absence
pliable rigid
pliant rigid
plural singular
poetry prose
polite blunt
polite impolite
polite rude
poor rich
possible impossible
possible improbable
possible unlikely
poverty riches
poverty wealth
powerful feeble
powerful weak
praise blame
prejudiced generous
presence absence
present absent
present past
pretty ugly
privacy fame
privately public
private public
probable unlikely
probably unlikely
problem answer
processed fresh
profit loss
prompt delayed
proper incorrect
prose poetry
prosperity adversity
proud humble
proud meek
proud modest
proud timid
provided demand
provide demand
provision demand
provoke quell
prudent foolish
prudent imprudent
prudent indiscreet
prudent stupid
public interior
public private
pull push
purchase return
pure contaminated
pure corrupt
pure dirty
pure impure
push pull
puzzle clue
pygmy giant
qualified unqualified
quell encourage
quell evoke
quell provoke
query answer
question answer
quickly slow
quiet answer
quiet broad
quiet loud
quiet noisy
radical subtle
raise lower
rapid delayed
rapid languishing
rapidly slow
rapid slow
rapid sluggish
rare common
rare frequent
rarely frequently
ratification blame
rational foolish
reach fail
real artificial
real fake
realistic foolish
reality notion
reap sow
reasonable expensive
receded approached
received return
receive give
recent ancient
reckless careful
refusal approval
refuse accept
refuse grant
refuse offer
regard disregard
regular irregular
regularly irregular
reject accept
reject agree
reject consent
relaxed apprehensive
relaxed busy
release imprison
remember forget
repel allure
repel attract
repel welcome
reply demand
repudiate admit
repulsive attractive
repulsive beautiful
repulsive interesting
request grant
require provide
rescue abduct
resident guest
resist agree
responsible corrupt
restraint freedom
restricted immense
restrict expand
retire advance
retreat advance
retreat approached
return abduct
return borrow
reveal conceal
revealed covered
revealed interior
reverse forward
riches poverty
rich poor
right down
rightful improper
right left
right side
right up
right upside
right wrong
rigid gentle
rigid pliable
rigid pliant
rigid soft
rigorous lenient
rise fail
rough cunning
rough gentle
rough smooth
rude courteous
rude polite
ruggedness delicacy
ruggedness elegance
ruggedness smoothness
rush careful
sad cheerful
sadden encourage
sad glad
sad happy
sad merry
safe dangerous
safe unsafe
same different
same opposite
sane foolish
sane mad
satiation abstinence
satiation hunger
satisfactory inadequate
satisfactory intolerable
satisfactory unreliable
satisfactory unsatisfactory
scarce abundant
scarce plentiful
scatter collect
scatter combine
scatter gather
scatter maintain
secondary first
second hand
second new
secretive frank
secure insecure
seldom frequent
self-made ready-made
senior join
sensible foolish
sensual spiritual
separate combine
separate join
separate together
serious deceptive
serious dishonest
serious foolish
serious insincere
serious trivial
several few
shallow deep
sharp blunt
shelter attack
shield attack
shiny dull
shorten lengthen
short long
short tall
show conceal
showing conceal
shrink expand
shrink grow
shrivel expand
shut open
shy audacious
shy frank
sick healthy
sick ill
side right
side upside
sight obscurity
significant irrelevant
significant meaningless
significant minor
silence noise
silly clever
similar different
similar opposite
simple complex
simple cunning
simple hard
singular plural
sink float
slack tight
slavery freedom
slim fat
slim thick
slow fast
slow rapid
sluggish alive
sluggish rapid
slump ascend
small big
small giant
small great
small large
smart stupid
smoothness ruggedness
smooth rough
sober drunk
soft hard
soft loud
soft rigid
solidify disappear
some none
something nothing
sometimes never
sorrow benefit
sorrow cheer
sorrow joy
sorry glad
sour blah
sour bland
sour calm
sour sweet
south north
sow reap
sparse abundant
spendthrift miser
spiritual material
spiritual sensual
spiritual temporal
split combine
stale fresh
start end
start finish
stiff flexible
stiff lenient
stiff workable
stingy generous
stop go
straight bent
straight crooked
stranger friend
strength weakness
strict lenient
strong feeble
strong idle
strong inactive
strong intermittent
strong weak
studied unknown
stupid capable
stupid clever
stupid intelligent
stupidity knowledge
stupidity wisdom
stupid prudent
sturdy feeble
subsequent initial
subtle blunt
succeed fail
success adversity
success failure
sufficient little
suitable inadequate
sunny cloudy
superior inferior
supply demand
support hinder
surly gentle
sweet bitter
sweet sour
swift delayed
sympathy hate
synonym antonym
tablet laptop
take give
tall short
tame wild
tasteless luscious
teeny giant
temporal spiritual
temporary permanent
tenant landlord
tender tough
terminal beginning
terminate begin
termination start
terror peace
them us
there here
thicken lengthen
thick slim
thick thin
thin fat
thin thick
thirst hunger
throw pull
tight loose
tight slack
timid audacious
timid bold
timidity bravery
timidity courage
timidity frank
timid proud
tiny big
tiny broad
tiny giant
tiny great
tiny huge
tiny immense
tiny vast
tire amuse
together apart
together separate
top bottom
torment comfort
tough easy
tough tender
transmit receive
transparent opaque
travel arrive
triumph defeat
trivial deep
trivial first
trivial important
trivial serious
trouble answer
troubled calm
true false
truth flasehood
truth lie
truth notion
truth untruth
turbulent calm
typical famous
ugly beautiful
ugly dainty
ugly pretty
unable capable
unaffected artificial
unbound bound
uncertain clear
uncivil courteous
unconscious alive
uncover covered
under over
understand misunderstand
uneasy easy
unequal equal
unfair horizontal
unfold fold
unfortunate fortunate
unhappy happy
unhealthy healthy
unimportant great
uninteresting interesting
unite separate
unjust just
unknown famous
unknown knowledge
unknown known
unlawful lawful
unlikely likely
unlikely possible
unlike similar
unlucky fortunate
unnatural natural
unplanned intentional
unqualified qualified
unrefined courteous
unrefined humble
unreliable accurate
unreliable satisfactory
unsafe safe
unsatisfactory satisfactory
untidy neat
untruth truth
unwilling intentional
unwise careful
unworthy worthy
unwrap conceal
unzip zip
up down
upload download
upper lower
up right
upside down
upside right
upside side
upside up
upstairs downstairs
up upside
upwards downwards
useful useless
useless useful
us them
usually never
usual rare
vacant occupied
valid invalid
valley hill
vanish appear
vast tiny
vegetarian meat
vertical horizontal
veto approval
vice virtue
victory defeat
virtue vice
virtuous wicked
visible invisible
vivacious dark
void full
voluntary compulsory
wane wax
warfare peace
warm cool
warning reassure
war peace
wasteful initial
wax wane
weak powerful
weak strong
wealth poverty
weary amuse
weep laugh
welcome repel
well fresh
well ill
west east
wet dry
white black
wicked good
wicked kind
wicked virtuous
wide narrow
wild tame
windy calm
win lose
win loss
wired wireless
wire wireless
wisdom folly
wisdom stupidity
wise foolish
within outside
wonderful repulsive
workable stiff
worn fresh
worried calm
worse better
worst best
worst better
worthless expensive
worthy cheap
wrong correct
wrong right
yang yin
yes no
yin yang
young old
youth age
zenith nadir
zip unzip
